# TMORMFramework
This framework is used to make programmer free from writing sql.
Currently this framework only support mysql.

# How to use
Thier are two ways to use the framework:

1) Using framework as a service in a program.
2) Using Framework as a tool with gui.

# 1)Using as a service in program:

a) You have to create a file named as dbconf.json in which you have to do following entries in it:
    
    {
      connectionURL:"jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/your_db_name",
      username:"your_user_name",
      password:"your_password"
    }

b) After creating above file you have to create a class with use of following annotations:

 1)@Table("table_name"): used to specify the name of table.It can only be applied on a class.
 2)@Column("column_name"): used to specify the name of column.It can only be apllied on field or property of the class.
 3)@PrimaryKey : It is applied on the field to state it is a primary key.
 4)@AutoIncrement : It is used to specify field's value is generated by database server.
 5)@View("view_name"): It is applied on a class.Only select operation is alowed on views.
 
 eg:
        
        import com.thinking.machines.TMORMFramework.*;
        import com.thinking.machines.TMORMFramework.annotations.*;
        import com.thinking.machines.TMORMFramework.exceptions.*;
        
        @Table(value="table_name")
        public class Student
        {
            @PrimaryKey
            @AutoIncrement
            @Column("id")
            private int studentId;
            @Column("name")
            private String studentName;
            
            public void setStudentId(int studentId)
            {
                this.studentId=studentId;
            }
            public int getStudentId()
            {
                return this.studentId;
            }
            public void setStudentName(String studentName)
            {
                this.studentName=studentName;
            }
            public String getStudentName()
            {
                return this.studentName;
            }
            //It is compulsory to write setter getters to make framework functional.
        }
 
 3) After creating a dto you have to take a reference variable of TMDB and call its static method getInstance() to get instance of TMDB.It has following methods:
 
    a)save(Object targetClass): It is used to insert the record in the correponding table with the values specified in the class.
    b)update(Object targetClass): It is used to update the record in the corresponding table with the help of primary key.
    c)delete(Class targetClass,Object primaryKeyValue): It is used to delete the record from the corresponding table with specified primary key's value.
    d)select(String className): It is used to perform select operation on the table and view specified in the class.It has following methods:
        1)Where(String fieldName).
        2)orderBy(String fieldName).
        3)ascending()
        4)descending()
        5)and(String fieldName)
        6)or(String fieldName).
        7)lt(Object value)=less than
        8)eq(Object value)=equal
        9)neq(Object value)=not equal
        10)gt(Object value)=greater than
        11)le(Object value)=less than equal
        12)ge(Object value)=greater than equal
   
   
# 2) Using as a tool:

1) In gui on left hand side you will find list of all table and views. 
2) You can generate the class with appropiate annotation using the tool for specified table or view.
3) You can perform add,update,delete operations using the gui.
4) you can see all the data of the table or view when you click on it in a table form.
5) you can also generate dbconf.json using the tool.
